Women get shamed for sleeping with too many men. Men get shamed for sleeping with men. So clearly society decided that sleeping with men is the embarrassing part.
The last stroke makes you nut. This doesn't mean the first stroke was useless. Success is a result of continuous effort
Popular opinion: If businesses only have to pay taxes on profit, not revenue. Then I should only have to pay taxes after I've paid all my bills and rent.
I hate texting someone something freaky at night and they reply in the morning like it's still the vibe. Shut up. The sun's out. I'm pure again
oh my god "unc" means uncool. i thought it meant uncle. like you're carrying the energy of someone's weird uncle
since we can't use plastic straws anymore i've just been choking turtles with my bare hands
Can someone explain why our electric bill never decreases, even after switching to all LED lights, Energy Star appliances, and building massive solar and wind farms?
What if the meteor that killed the dinosaurs was actually a space ship and we're the aliens...
One wife and one side chick is enough for a normal man, anything above that is cheating..
Barbie sure does have a lot of nice things for a woman who's knees don't bend
The world is just a resort for like 1,000 rich people and we're all the staff
I say we legalize every substance and just see who survives
Being a guy is crazy, once you're in 6th grade, you're competing with Presidents, Billionaires and Politicians for girls your age
maturity is realizing your guys best friend will leave after he gets a girlfriend, no matter how many bj's you gave them
I'm not paying back my student loans. They need to learn financial responsibility. Who TF lends $50,000 to an 18 year old with no job?
There should be a Web site where you post your wishes and rich ppl who don't know what to do with their money give you an anonymous gift
Are ugly ppl who marry actually attracted to each other? Or is it like: oh ur ugly, i'm ugly, we both get along - i guess we should marry twin
Me on insta: sure I'll watch this guy deep clean this carpet. Me on netflix: nah this award winning film does not peak my interest
Do you think there's any combination of nationalities who haven't produced a kid?
You're offered $10 million dollars to restart your life at the age of 10 but you keep all your current memories. What's the first thing you're doing?
P*rn is f*cking fake i tried to seduce the hotel maid now I got court on the 15th..
I just wanted to let you know that you can say saucy jizz instead of sausages and no one will ever notice
When fine shyt hits you up, but the problem is HE IS SOOO FINE that you already know it's not big
How on earth is rent for 28 days the same as 31 days? Where's my change bro
When you realize the best part of starting a new job is that all 4 of your grandparents are alive again
Did you ever notice that most couples are in love when they're together and argue when they are texting.
when he leaves me because he found another girl, but I never left him when I had another man
Bro to bro, if I ever call you and say don't lie, just know you're on speaker and you better lie like your life depends on it.
Just passed some teenagers and heard: "That's gonna be me if I don't lock in."
Kids these days don't understand... the economy used to be so decent that if you had a roommate, people genuinely thought you might be gay.
Without naming the show, say a line that would make any true fan immediately recognize the show
when you realize the age you turn on your birthday is the age you just completed, not the age you're starting.
You can remove any letter from the word "seat" and still have a real word.
Forget age gap relationships, have you ever been in an Intelligence gap relationship
You meet your 13 year old self. You're allowed 3 words. What are you saying?
My yoga instructor keeps telling me to go deeper. I've never been more committed to a hobby in my life.
I asked him if he was good with his hands. Turns out he's a carpenter. Either way, I'm not complaining.
I paid off my car, my credit card, and half my student loans. My reward? A higher tax bracket. The system is designed to keep us tired.
I got all dressed up, did my hair, put on a full face of makeup. The destination? The supermarket. I just needed to feel something.
My mum told me to marry a man who looks at me the way I look at a charcuterie board at 11pm. Still looking.
My therapist said I need to stop pretending everything is fine. So now I charge for that service.
Apparently smiling and nodding through things you hate is called "professionalism" not "trauma response." Who knew.
If a man treats the waitress badly on a first date, is there actually any point in a second one?
At what age did you realise your parents were just making it up as they went?
My ex asked if we could still be friends. Sure. I'll add you to the list right after my student loans and back pain.
I told him size doesn't matter. We both knew I was lying. We moved on.
My doctor said I need to watch my drinking. So now I do it in front of a mirror.
He said he could go all night. Turns out he meant complaining about his ex.
I don't have trust issues. I just have very accurate instincts and a good memory.
He asked what I was into. I said morally questionable decisions and a good wine list.
My back goes out more than I do. And it's just as unreliable.
He said he was great in bed. He was not great in bed.
I asked my bank if they could cover me. They laughed. We have a complicated relationship.
I'm not high maintenance. I just know exactly what I want and I'm deeply disappointed when I don't get it.
He told me he was emotionally available. That was the funniest thing I'd heard all year.
I'm at the age where my body has a group chat I'm not invited to.
He said he wanted something serious. I said I wanted someone who doesn't disappear after 11pm. Neither of us got what we wanted.
I don't chase men. I don't chase anything. I have a bad knee and trust issues.
He asked me what my love language was. I said unsolicited back rubs and not having to explain myself.
My standards aren't high. They're just higher than what keeps showing up.
He said he liked a woman who could make him laugh. So I showed him my dating history.
I'm not hard to read. I'm just written in a language most men haven't bothered to learn.
Turns out "I'll call you" is just a saying. Like "the cheque is in the mail" or "this won't hurt a bit."
He said I was intimidating. I said nothing. Which apparently made it worse.
He asked me my type. I said employed and emotionally present. Apparently that's too specific.
I don't fall for men easily. My knees hurt and my patience is shorter than it used to be.
He said he was a lover not a fighter. He was neither. Bless him.
I told him I needed space. He took that literally and disappeared entirely. Close enough.
My therapist says I self sabotage. I disagree. I just have very high standards for disappointment.
He said I was the whole package. I said I know. He wasn't ready for that answer.
I sleep like a baby. Wake up every two hours wondering what went wrong with my life choices.
He told me he was different. They're always different. They're never different.
I asked him if he was good at communication. The three day silence was answer enough.
He said he could fix anything. He could not fix anything. Not even the leaky tap he promised to sort six months ago.
I've stopped explaining myself to people. If you can't read the room, that's a you problem.
He said I had walls up. I said they're load bearing. We can't just knock them down.
My love life and my WiFi have a lot in common. Inconsistent, drops out at the worst moment, and I'm always the last to know when it's gone.
He said he wasn't like other guys. He was exactly like other guys. He was their president.
I gave him the benefit of the doubt. The doubt was right.
He said I was a lot to handle. I said then you probably need both hands.
I don't hold grudges. I just have a very detailed memory and excellent patience.
He called me complicated. I prefer the term high resolution.
My emotional availability and my phone battery have one thing in common. Both drop to zero at the worst possible time.
He said he was ready for something real. His actions had a very different agenda.
There are people who hate clutter and there are people who love to make little piles everywhere that they will get to later and these people marry each other
"You're so quiet" Thanks you've interrupted me 5 times already
I think I spend more time looking for a movie on Netflix then actually watching
This was an olive oil week so unfortunately I won't be able to afford any social outings for the foreseeable future
Crazy we were the generation that almost ended smoking but as soon as they made it fruit flavored we folded like lawn chairs
We literally used to pay real money for ringtones and now if my phone makes a sound it'll ruin my whole day
At this age, a cancelled meeting provides more dopamine than a night out
I want parental controls to block AI content on my parent's phones
When you're 10 dangs, 20 yups, 6 wows, and 8 man that's crazy's, and they still won't stop talking
Crazy how you used to get in trouble for wetting the bed, now you get called "good girl"
I hate old people man. "I was in the war" congratulations. I'm gonna be in the next one and they have laser beams now
Men failing to find the spot while the seam of our jeans doesn't have this problem is honestly baffling to me
when you breakup with a man you gotta give him one last good day with you like when you put a dog down
my day is just crap / Beer frozen... burnt my pizza and Girlfriend's pregnant / You just can't pull anything out on time, can you...
Someone explain please, how is it that when I have breakfast at 8am, I am hungry at 12pm but when I dont have breakfast, Im not hungry until 2-3pm?
He asked if I was seeing anyone. I said I was seeing red flags but thanks for asking.
I'm not looking for a perfect man. I'm looking for one who's wrong in all the right ways.
He said he'd been thinking about me. I said that's sweet. My lawyer will be in touch.
The audacity of men who can't cook, can't clean, can't communicate, but somehow still think they're a catch. The confidence is actually inspiring.
I don't need closure. I need him to see me looking this good and feel it in his chest.
He said he wanted to take things slow. His texts at 2am had a different plan.
I'm not angry. I'm just extremely detailed about what went wrong and why.
He said I was out of his league. I said yes. He said it like it was a bad thing.
Confidence is knowing your worth. Audacity is him not knowing it and still showing up.
He said he missed me. I said my number hasn't changed. Funny how that works.
I used to care what people thought. Then I got older and started caring about parking spots and good sleep.
Some men need a GPS, a manual, and three business days just to find the effort.
I'm a lot of things. Hard to forget is one of them.
He said he was low drama. He was the entire season finale.
The most dangerous thing a woman can do is go quiet. Men never see it coming.
